aren't you so bad
over the years did you glue this with
some scissors deist it sir has lost a
lot of girlfriends I'm sorry but there's
one thing ain't never lost are you a
virgin
oh you are hilarious mmm this is good
you're a virgin how can you go 40 years
and not have sex I just kind of stopped
trying we got a healthy man we can't not
that you go on being a virgin
you got to highlight your attributes
just wax that whole Teen Wolf thing on
you you look like a man o lantern the
problem most men have is they don't know
how to talk to women what am I supposed
to say nothing just ask questions are
you looking for something is there
something I should be looking for we
have a great um
section of do-it-yourself do you like to
do it yourself what am I talking about
you got to go somewhere where every girl
is looking for a guy welcome to date a
Palooza I'm Andi
and you are Gina Gina Wow what's up okay
I like your shirt Shh
you've kind eyes we want to get out of
here
Oh from Universal Pictures I'm Trish
Andi she gave me her number my god
party's over let the virgin get back to
work and the producer of anchorman we've
given you all the advice we have to give
now you gotta put it in action comes a
comedy that will touch you your your
hands on I felt like you've never been
touched before yeah we gonna sell the
plane hey let's get out of here
hope you have a big trunk coz I'm
putting my bike in it the 40 year old
virgin